Mention no cap on CPU minutes a month (#724)
cirruslabs/cirrus-ci-docs: docs/faq.md

* 8.0 CPUs for FreeBSD VMs.
* 2.0 CPUs macOS VM (1 VM with hyper-threading).

> **Note:** there are no limits on how many minutes a month you'll use! But please don't try to mine crypto coins! Most of the options are blocked via firewall rules and there are other anti-fraud mechanisms in place. Be a good citizen on OSS community!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note "Monthly Minute Limit"
    There are no limits on how many minutes a month you can use! Please keep in mind that mining cryptocurrency is against our Terms of Service, and will most likely be blocked by firewall rules and other anti-fraud mechanisms. Be a good citizen in the OSS community!
```

* 8.0 CPUs for FreeBSD VMs.
* 2.0 CPUs macOS VM (1 VM with hyper-threading).

> !!! note "Monthly Minute Limit"

Author: ```suggestion
!!! note "No Monthly Minute Limit*"
```

Reviewer: Yup, that works also
